README.md, before:

# Log Nums

In this activity, you will write code to create a function that prints all whole numbers from 1 to a given number.

## Instructions

* Open [Unsolved/log-nums.js](Unsolved/log-nums.js) in your code editor; this is the only file you will modify in this activity.

  * In this file, you will write code in the body of the `logNums` function to achieve the following:

    * Print all numbers from `1` up to the given `nums` argument inclusive. For example, given the number `5` as the `num` argument, the following should be printed to the console, one log at a time:

      ```bash
      1
      2
      3
      4
      5
      ```

* You can check whether your function works properly by opening [Unsolved/test.html](Unsolved/test.html) in your web browser.

  * Functions that pass the tests will be denoted with a green check mark.

  * Functions that fail the tests will be denoted with a red X and an error message.

---
© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added comments on html, js file and notes for MD

README.md, after:

### Log Nums Tests HTML

This HTML file sets up a testing environment for functions in `log-nums.js` using Mocha and Chai.

- **Meta Tags:** Define character encoding, viewport settings, and compatibility with IE.
- **Title:** Sets the document title to "Log Nums".
- **Styles and Scripts:**
  - **Mocha CSS:** Styles the test results output.
  - **Mocha JS:** Loads the Mocha testing framework.
  - **Chai JS:** Loads the Chai assertion library.
- **Body:**
  - **Mocha Div:** Container for displaying test results.
  - **Mocha Setup:** Configures Mocha to use the BDD interface.
  - **Script Loading:**
    - `log-nums.js`: Contains the functions to be tested.
    - `log-nums.test.js`: Contains the tests for the functions in `log-nums.js`.
  - **Mocha Run:** Executes the Mocha tests.

This setup ensures a comprehensive and functional test environment for the `log-nums` functions.

### logNums Function

This JavaScript function logs numbers from 1 to a specified number:

- **logNums(num):**
  - Takes a single argument `num`.
  - Uses a for loop to iterate from 1 to `num`.
  - Logs each number to the console.

This function provides a simple way to output a sequence of numbers to the console.
